some people may wonder reinvent the will
while others just preferred a half a
family mil tiny tots s the toys and down
jet the ladies need the shopping spree
at the mall the choir carols all the
classic Christmas songs while the - a
final
[Music]
some people go to church to celebrate
the birth of their Messiah Jesus Christ
first day on earth others got the crown
bonfires outside while many fried by
with no concern aside from all the
Christmas lights grandma blows the fumes
and Papa cries the booze I got the needs
of Scrooge understand his people you
must a sister but I'm asking once again
I take a look at this thing no one said
I wanna make angels in the snow ice
skate or ride a sled
[Music]
how about some on the bench to decorate
the tree right beside the chimney cap on
this little stand server over all
[Music]
hey make the stream in truth I wanna
shower like the Sun so her Christmas
[Music]